LicenseDB software and data licenses

## License

Any directory names mentioned below refer to directory names you will
find in the root of the project directory after you've downloaded the
software from git.

### Database

The License Database consists of all the files included in
[www/id/license-database.tar.gz](https://licensedb.org/dl/license-database.tar.gz).
This archive is built from the files in data/.

The License Database itself is contributed to the public domain using
the CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication:

To the extent possible under law, the contributors of the License
Database project waive all copyright and related or neighboring rights
to The License Database. See
[CC0 1.0 Universal](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
for more information.

### Software

The Software consists of all the files in build/, src/ and the
README.txt and INSTALL.txt files in the project root.

&copy; 2012 [Kuno Woudt](https://frob.nl/#me)

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you
may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may
obtain a copy of the License at

<p class="indent">
   <a href="http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0"
      >http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0</a>
</p>

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied.  See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.

### Upstream

upstream/jquery contains jquery by John Resig & The Dojo Foundation.
Please see upstream/jquery/copyright.txt for their license details.

All the files in upstream/plaintext are plaintext versions of licenses
intended for free software, open source or free culture projects,
obtained directly from their publishers and included without
modifications. Similarly upstream/rdf contains metadata about licenses
obtained directly from their publishers.

Most of these licenses are not explicit about the terms which apply to
the license text itself.  Our belief is that there is at least an
implicit permission which allows distribution of verbatim copies of
these licenses and their associated metadata.

If however you are the copyright holder for any of this data and wish
for it to be removed from this project, please contact
[copyright@licensedb.org](mailto:copyright@licensedb.org).

